# ActivityCode

ActivityCode Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**code_concat_name** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**code_type_name** | **str** | The name of the parent code type for this code. | [optional] 
**code_type_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the parent activity code type. | 
**code_type_scope** | **str** | The scope of the parent activity code type: Global, EPS, or Project. An activity code with Global scope can be assigned to any activity. An activity code with EPS scope can be assigned only to an activity within a project under that particular EPS. Similarly, an activity code with Project scope can be assigned only to an activity within that particular project. | [optional] 
**code_value** | **str** | The value of the activity code. | 
**color** | **str** | The Hex representation for the color e.g. 0xFFFFFF. | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this activity code was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this activity code. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | The description of the activity code. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this activity code was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this activity code. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**parent_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the parent activity code of this activity code in the hierarchy. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique project ID of the parent code type for this code if code type scope is &#39;Project&#39; or &#39;EPS&#39;, null for code types with scope &#39;Global&#39;. | [optional] 
**sequence_number** | **int** | The sequence number for sorting. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.activity_code import ActivityCode

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ActivityCode from a JSON string
activity_code_instance = ActivityCode.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ActivityCode.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
activity_code_dict = activity_code_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ActivityCode from a dict
activity_code_from_dict = ActivityCode.from_dict(activity_code_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


