# ActivityStep

ActivityStep Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**activity_id** | **str** | The short ID that uniquely identifies the activity within the project. | [optional] 
**activity_name** | **str** | The name of the activity. The activity name does not have to be unique. | 
**activity_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the activity to which the steps are assigned. | 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this activity step was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this activity step. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | The description of the activity step. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_completed** | **bool** | The flag that indicates whether the step has been completed. | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this activity step was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this activity step. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the activity step. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**percent_complete** | **float** | The percent complete for the step. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the project. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | [optional] 
**sequence_number** | **int** | The sequence number for sorting. | [optional] 
**wbs_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the WBS for the activity. | [optional] 
**weight** | **float** | The weight that is assigned to the step. This is a user defined field that is used to calculate the physical percent complete when the project option is set. | [optional] 
**weight_percent** | **float** | The non-editable field that displays the percentage amount that corresponds to the step. It is calculated by taking the weight of the step and dividing it by the total of all weights for the activity. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.activity_step import ActivityStep

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ActivityStep from a JSON string
activity_step_instance = ActivityStep.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ActivityStep.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
activity_step_dict = activity_step_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ActivityStep from a dict
activity_step_from_dict = ActivityStep.from_dict(activity_step_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


