# ActivityCodeType

ActivityCodeType Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this Activity Code Type was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this ActivityCodeType. | [optional] 
**eps_code_type_hierarchy** | **str** | The field that maintains the EPS Activity Code Type Hierarchy. | [optional] 
**eps_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated EPS. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_secure_code** | **bool** | The flag indicating whether this is a secure Activity Code Type. | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this Activity Code Type was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this ActivityCodeType. | [optional] 
**length** | **int** | The maximum number of characters allowed for values of this activity code. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the activity code type. | 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | [optional] 
**ref_project_object_ids** | **str** | The unique ID associated with a project whose activities have this code assigned. This data is only exported if more than one project is included in the export and if more than one project contains activities to which the EPS scoped activity code is assigned. | [optional] 
**scope** | **str** | The scope of the code type: Global, EPS, or Project. An activity code with Global scope can be assigned to any activity. An activity code with EPS scope can be assigned only to an activity within a project under that particular EPS. Similarly, an activity code with Project scope can be assigned only to an activity within that particular project. | [optional] 
**sequence_number** | **int** | The sequence number for sorting. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.activity_code_type import ActivityCodeType

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ActivityCodeType from a JSON string
activity_code_type_instance = ActivityCodeType.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ActivityCodeType.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
activity_code_type_dict = activity_code_type_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ActivityCodeType from a dict
activity_code_type_from_dict = ActivityCodeType.from_dict(activity_code_type_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


