# ActivityNote

ActivityNote Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**activity_id** | **str** | The short ID that uniquely identifies the activity to which the activity note is assigned. | [optional] 
**activity_name** | **str** | The name of the activity to which the activity note is assigned. | [optional] 
**activity_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the activity to which the activity note is assigned. | 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this note was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this note. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this note was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this note. | [optional] 
**note** | **str** | The information that is associated with the notebook topic. | [optional] 
**notebook_topic_name** | **str** | The name of the associated notebook topic. | [optional] 
**notebook_topic_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated notebook topic. | 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the associated project. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | [optional] 
**raw_text_note** | **str** | The information that is associated with the notebook topic, without any HTML. | [optional] 
**wbs_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the WBS for the activity. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.activity_note import ActivityNote

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ActivityNote from a JSON string
activity_note_instance = ActivityNote.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ActivityNote.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
activity_note_dict = activity_note_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ActivityNote from a dict
activity_note_from_dict = ActivityNote.from_dict(activity_note_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


