# Calendar

Calendar Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**base_calendar_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the global calendar to which this calendar is linked. Any changes to the global calendar are automatically propagated to this calendar. | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this calendar was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this calendar. | [optional] 
**hours_per_day** | **float** | The number of work hours per day. This conversion factor is used for displaying time units and durations in the user&#39;s selected display formats. | [optional] 
**hours_per_month** | **float** | The number of work hours per month. This conversion factor is used for displaying time units and durations in the user&#39;s selected display formats. | [optional] 
**hours_per_week** | **float** | The number of work hours per week. This conversion factor is used for displaying time units and durations in the user&#39;s selected display formats. | [optional] 
**hours_per_year** | **float** | The number of work hours per year. This conversion factor is used for displaying time units and durations in the user&#39;s selected display formats. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_default** | **bool** | The flag that identifies the default global calendar (applies to global calendars only). | [optional] 
**is_personal** | **bool** | The flag indicating if this calendar is a personal calendar (applies to resource calendars only). | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this calendar was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this calendar. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the calendar. | 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The ID for the project for which this change request is associated. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | The calendar type - either &#39;Global&#39;, &#39;Resource&#39;, or &#39;Project&#39;. &#39;Global&#39; calendars can be assigned to projects and resources. &#39;Resource&#39; calendars can be assigned only to resources. &#39;Project&#39; calendars are specific to projects. | 
**standard_work_week** | [**StandardWorkWeek**](StandardWorkWeek.md) |  | [optional] 
**holiday_or_exceptions** | [**HolidayOrExceptions**](HolidayOrExceptions.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.calendar import Calendar

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Calendar from a JSON string
calendar_instance = Calendar.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Calendar.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
calendar_dict = calendar_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Calendar from a dict
calendar_from_dict = Calendar.from_dict(calendar_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


