# Currency

Currency Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this currency was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this currency. | [optional] 
**decimal_places** | **int** | The number of decimal places displayed. | [optional] 
**decimal_symbol** | **str** | The decimal symbol displayed. | [optional] 
**digit_grouping_symbol** | **str** | The symbol used to group the numbers. | [optional] 
**exchange_rate** | **float** | The exchange rate against the base currency. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | The unique currency abbreviation for each currency. | 
**is_base_currency** | **bool** | The currency used to store cost in the Project Management database. The exchange rate for the base currency is always 1.0. The base currency ID, name, and symbol default to U.S. dollars and can be edited but never deleted. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this currency was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this currency. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the currency. | 
**negative_symbol** | **str** | The symbol used to display a negative currency. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**positive_symbol** | **str** | The symbol used to display a positive currency. | [optional] 
**symbol** | **str** | The currency symbol displayed. | 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.currency import Currency

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Currency from a JSON string
currency_instance = Currency.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Currency.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
currency_dict = currency_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Currency from a dict
currency_from_dict = Currency.from_dict(currency_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


