# EPSBudgetChangeLog

EPSBudgetChangeLog Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **float** | The amount of budget change. | [optional] 
**change_number** | **str** | The change number that is automatically incremented according to when changes are added. This can be changed to any number. | 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this epsbudgetchangelog was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this epsbudgetchangelog. | [optional] 
**var_date** | **datetime** | The date of this budget change entry. | [optional] 
**epsid** | **str** | The short code assigned to the associated EPS. | [optional] 
**eps_name** | **str** | The name of the EPS element associated with this budget change log. | [optional] 
**eps_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the EPS element to which the budget change log applies. | 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this epsbudgetchangelog was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this epsbudgetchangelog. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**reason** | **str** | The description of the reason for the budget change request. | [optional] 
**responsible** | **str** | The person responsible for the change. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The status of this budget change request. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.eps_budget_change_log import EPSBudgetChangeLog

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of EPSBudgetChangeLog from a JSON string
eps_budget_change_log_instance = EPSBudgetChangeLog.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(EPSBudgetChangeLog.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
eps_budget_change_log_dict = eps_budget_change_log_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of EPSBudgetChangeLog from a dict
eps_budget_change_log_from_dict = EPSBudgetChangeLog.from_dict(eps_budget_change_log_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


