# ProjectBudgetChangeLog

ProjectBudgetChangeLog Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **float** | The amount of budget change. | [optional] 
**change_number** | **str** | The change number that is automatically incremented according to when changes are added. This can be changed to any number. | 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this log of budget changes. | [optional] 
**var_date** | **datetime** | The date of this budget change entry. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this log of budget changes was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this log of budget changes. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the project. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | 
**reason** | **str** | The description of the reason for the budget change request. | [optional] 
**responsible** | **str** | The person responsible for the change. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The status of this budget change request. Possible values are &#39;Pending&#39;, &#39;Approved&#39;, and &#39;Not Approved&#39;. | [optional] 
**wbs_code** | **str** | The short code assigned to each WBS element for identification. Each WBS element is uniquely identified by concatenating its own code together with its parents&#39; codes. | [optional] 
**wbs_name** | **str** | The name of the WBS element. | [optional] 
**wbs_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the WBS element to which the budget change log applies. | 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.project_budget_change_log import ProjectBudgetChangeLog

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ProjectBudgetChangeLog from a JSON string
project_budget_change_log_instance = ProjectBudgetChangeLog.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ProjectBudgetChangeLog.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
project_budget_change_log_dict = project_budget_change_log_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ProjectBudgetChangeLog from a dict
project_budget_change_log_from_dict = ProjectBudgetChangeLog.from_dict(project_budget_change_log_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


