# ProjectResource

ProjectResource Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**committed_flag** | **bool** | The Boolean value that determines whether a resource is committed, and so, the resource assignment is stable and unlikely to change. When calculating availability, Primavera considers only assignments that are marked as committed. | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this project resource was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this project resource. | [optional] 
**finish_date** | **datetime** | The finish date of the assignment. By default, it is set to the Planned Start date of the project + 1 day, finishing at 5:00pm. For example, if the planned start date is January 1, 8:00am, the finish date is set to January 2, 5:00pm. If LifeOfProjectFlag is set to true during creation, this date is set to the Project Scheduled Finish date. If associated ProjectResourceQuantities exist, this field is set to the end of the week of the latest ProjectResourceQuantity. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this project resource was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this project resource. | [optional] 
**life_of_project_flag** | **bool** | The Boolean value that determines whether a resource that is assigned to a project at Project or WBS level, has that assignment for the duration of the project. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the associated project. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | 
**project_resource_category_name** | **str** | The name of the associated project resource category. | [optional] 
**project_resource_category_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project resource category. | [optional] 
**resource_name** | **str** | The name of the associated resource. | [optional] 
**resource_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated resource. | 
**role_name** | **str** | The name of the associated role. | [optional] 
**role_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated role. | 
**start_date** | **datetime** | The start date of the assignment. By default, it is set to the Planned Start date of the project. If LifeOfProjectFlag is set to true, this date is set to the Project Planned Start date. If associated ProjectResourceQuantities exist, this field is set to the beginning of the week of the earliest ProjectResourceQuantity. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The project or WBS status: &#39;Planned&#39;, &#39;Active&#39;, &#39;Inactive&#39;, &#39;What-If&#39;, or &#39;Requested&#39;. | [optional] 
**wbs_code** | **str** | The short code assigned to the associated WBS element for identification. | [optional] 
**wbs_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated WBS. | 
**resource_request** | [**ResourceRequest**](ResourceRequest.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.project_resource import ProjectResource

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ProjectResource from a JSON string
project_resource_instance = ProjectResource.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ProjectResource.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
project_resource_dict = project_resource_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ProjectResource from a dict
project_resource_from_dict = ProjectResource.from_dict(project_resource_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


