# ProjectPortfolio

ProjectPortfolio Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this project portfolio was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this project portfolio. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | The description of the project portfolio. | [optional] 
**include_closed_projects** | **bool** | The flag that indicates whether closed projects are included in the portfolio. | [optional] 
**include_what_if_projects** | **bool** | The flag that indicates whether what-if projects are included in the portfolio. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this project portfolio was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this project portfolio. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the project portfolio. | 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**portfolio_user_id_array** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**portfolio_user_name_array** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | The type of the project portfolio: \&quot;Manual\&quot;, \&quot;Auto-Maintained\&quot;, or \&quot;Filtered\&quot;. | [optional] 
**user_name** | **str** | The user&#39;s login name. | [optional] 
**user_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of a specific user who has access to the selected project portfolio. | [optional] 
**member_project** | [**List[MemberProject]**](MemberProject.md) | MemberProject | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.project_portfolio import ProjectPortfolio

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ProjectPortfolio from a JSON string
project_portfolio_instance = ProjectPortfolio.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ProjectPortfolio.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
project_portfolio_dict = project_portfolio_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ProjectPortfolio from a dict
project_portfolio_from_dict = ProjectPortfolio.from_dict(project_portfolio_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


