# ProjectDocument

ProjectDocument Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**activity_id** | **str** | The short ID that uniquely identifies the activity within the project. | [optional] 
**activity_name** | **str** | The name of the activity. The activity name does not have to be unique. | [optional] 
**activity_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the activity to which the activity document applies. | 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this document was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The date this document was created. | [optional] 
**document_category_name** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**document_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the document to which the activity document applies. | 
**document_status_name** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**document_title** | **str** | The title or name of a document assigned to a WBS or activity within a project. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**is_work_product** | **bool** | The flag that indicates whether the document is a work product. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this document was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this document. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**parent_wbs_object_id** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the project. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the project to which the activity document applies. | 
**wbs_code** | **str** | The short code assigned to each WBS element for identification. Each WBS element is uniquely identified by concatenating its own code together with its parents&#39; codes. | [optional] 
**wbs_name** | **str** | The name of the WBS element. | [optional] 
**wbs_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the WBS to which the activity document applies. | 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.project_document import ProjectDocument

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ProjectDocument from a JSON string
project_document_instance = ProjectDocument.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ProjectDocument.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
project_document_dict = project_document_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ProjectDocument from a dict
project_document_from_dict = ProjectDocument.from_dict(project_document_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


