# ProjectNote

ProjectNote Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**available_for_activity** | **bool** | The flag indicating whether this note is available for Activity objects. | [optional] 
**available_for_eps** | **bool** | The flag indicating whether this note is available for EPS objects. | [optional] 
**available_for_project** | **bool** | The flag indicating whether this note is available for Project objects. | [optional] 
**available_for_wbs** | **bool** | The flag indicating whether this note is available for WBS objects. | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this note was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this note. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this note was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this note. | [optional] 
**note** | **str** | The information that is associated with the notebook topic. | [optional] 
**notebook_topic_name** | **str** | The name of the associated notebook topic. | [optional] 
**notebook_topic_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated notebook topic. | 
**object_id** | **int** | TThe unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the project associated with this note. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | 
**raw_text_note** | **str** | The information that is associated with the notebook topic, without any HTML. | [optional] 
**wbs_code** | **str** | The short code assigned to each WBS element for identification. | [optional] 
**wbs_name** | **str** | The name of the WBS element associated with this note. | [optional] 
**wbs_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated WBS. | 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.project_note import ProjectNote

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ProjectNote from a JSON string
project_note_instance = ProjectNote.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ProjectNote.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
project_note_dict = project_note_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ProjectNote from a dict
project_note_from_dict = ProjectNote.from_dict(project_note_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


