# ProjectFunding

ProjectFunding Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **float** | The amount of a funding source that is allocated to the project. | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this project funding data was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this project funding data. | [optional] 
**fund_share** | **float** | The percentage of the total fund that is allocated to the project. | [optional] 
**funding_source_name** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**funding_source_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated funding source for this project funding. | 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this project funding data was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this project funding data. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the associated project. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project source for this project funding. | 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.project_funding import ProjectFunding

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ProjectFunding from a JSON string
project_funding_instance = ProjectFunding.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ProjectFunding.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
project_funding_dict = project_funding_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ProjectFunding from a dict
project_funding_from_dict = ProjectFunding.from_dict(project_funding_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


