# ProjectSpendingPlan

ProjectSpendingPlan Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**benefit_plan** | **float** | The editable monthly profit portion for each month for the project. | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this spending plan was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this spending plan. | [optional] 
**var_date** | **datetime** | The start of a spending/benefit plan time period for the project. | 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this spending plan was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this spending plan. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The Project short code that uniquely identifies the project. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project for this project spending plan. | 
**spending_plan** | **float** | The editable total monthly expenditure for the project. | [optional] 
**wbs_code** | **str** | The short code assigned to each WBS element for identification. Each WBS element is uniquely identified by concatenating its own code together with its parents&#39; codes. | [optional] 
**wbs_name** | **str** | The name of the WBS element. | [optional] 
**wbs_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated WBS for this project spending plan. | 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.project_spending_plan import ProjectSpendingPlan

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ProjectSpendingPlan from a JSON string
project_spending_plan_instance = ProjectSpendingPlan.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ProjectSpendingPlan.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
project_spending_plan_dict = project_spending_plan_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ProjectSpendingPlan from a dict
project_spending_plan_from_dict = ProjectSpendingPlan.from_dict(project_spending_plan_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


