# ResourceHour

ResourceHour Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**activity_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the activity to which the resource is assigned. | [optional] 
**activity_timesheet_link_flag** | **bool** | The value which indicates if the record is a real timesheet entry (false) or simply a placeholder for a timesheet entry (true). | [optional] 
**approved_hours** | **float** | The number of hours, approved. | [optional] 
**approved_overtime_hours** | **float** | The number of overtime hours, approved. | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this data was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this data. | [optional] 
**var_date** | **datetime** | The date to which the hours apply. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this data was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this data. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**overhead_code_name** | **str** | The name of the overhead code. | [optional] 
**overhead_code_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the overhead code, if the hours are for an overhead activity. | 
**project_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the project. | [optional] 
**project_name** | **str** | The name of the associated project. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | [optional] 
**resource_assignment_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated resource assignment. | 
**resource_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the resource. | [optional] 
**resource_integrated_type** | **str** | The flag indicating whether the resource is integrated with an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system. &#39;Fusion&#39; indicates the resource is integrated with Oracle Fusion. &#39;ERP&#39; indicates the resource is integrated with another ERP system. &#39;Gateway&#39; indicates the resource is integrated with Oracle Primavera Gateway. | [optional] 
**resource_name** | **str** | The name of the resource. | [optional] 
**resource_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated resource. | 
**status** | **str** | The approval level, when timesheets require approval: &#39;Submitted&#39;, &#39;Approved&#39;, &#39;Resource Manager Approved&#39;, &#39;Project Manager Approved&#39;, &#39;Active&#39;, or &#39;Rejected&#39;. | [optional] 
**timesheet_period_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated timesheet. | 
**timesheet_status_date** | **datetime** | The status date of the associated timesheet. | [optional] 
**unapproved_hours** | **float** | The actual non-overtime units submitted by the resource on the activity. These units remain submitted until the timesheet is approved. | [optional] 
**unapproved_overtime_hours** | **float** | The actual overtime units submitted by the resource on the acitivity. These units remain submitted until the timesheet is approved. | [optional] 
**wbs_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the WBS for the activity. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.resource_hour import ResourceHour

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ResourceHour from a JSON string
resource_hour_instance = ResourceHour.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ResourceHour.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
resource_hour_dict = resource_hour_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ResourceHour from a dict
resource_hour_from_dict = ResourceHour.from_dict(resource_hour_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


