# ResourceAssignmentUpdate

ResourceAssignmentUpdate Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**activity_object_id** | **int** | The name of the Contract Management Group. | [optional] 
**all_data** | **str** | The unique ID of the activity to which the activity code is assigned. | [optional] 
**approval_date** | **datetime** | The date that the activity was approved. | [optional] 
**approval_user_name** | **str** | The username of the approved user. | [optional] 
**approval_user_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system for the approved user. | [optional] 
**calendar_id** | **int** |  | [optional] 
**change_set_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system for the change set object. | 
**create_user** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**var_date** | **datetime** | The date of the resource assignment update. | [optional] 
**held_date** | **datetime** | The date of the held resource assignment. | [optional] 
**override_actual_finish_date** | **datetime** | The actual finish date for an override activity. | [optional] 
**override_actual_start_date** | **datetime** | The actual start date for an override activity. | [optional] 
**override_actual_units** | **float** | The number of units for an override activity. | [optional] 
**override_remaining_duration** | **float** | The remaining duration for an override activity. | [optional] 
**override_remaining_finish_date** | **datetime** | The date that the override activity finishes. | [optional] 
**override_remaining_units** | **float** | The overridden new remaining units of work to be performed by this resource on this activity. | [optional] 
**pending_actual_finish_date** | **datetime** | The date on which the pending activity actually finishes if approval is required. | [optional] 
**pending_actual_start_date** | **datetime** | The date on which the pending activity actually starts if approval is required. | [optional] 
**pending_actual_units** | **float** | The actual number of units associated with the the pending activity if approval is required. | [optional] 
**pending_remaining_duration** | **float** | The remaining duration that is required to finish a pending activity if approval is required. | [optional] 
**pending_remaining_finish_date** | **datetime** | The remaining finish date of a pending activity if approval is required. | [optional] 
**pending_remaining_units** | **float** | The remaining number of units associated with a pending activity if approval is required. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | [optional] 
**rejected_by** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**rejected_date** | **datetime** |  | [optional] 
**request_user_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the user modifying the task, assignment, or step. | [optional] 
**resource_assignment_object_id** | **int** | The unique identifier for the ResourceAssignment. You can specify one or more ResourceAssignmentObjectID. | 
**resubmitted_by** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**resubmitted_date** | **datetime** |  | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The status of this budget change request. Possible values are &#39;Pending&#39;, &#39;Held&#39;, and &#39;Approved&#39;. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.resource_assignment_update import ResourceAssignmentUpdate

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ResourceAssignmentUpdate from a JSON string
resource_assignment_update_instance = ResourceAssignmentUpdate.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ResourceAssignmentUpdate.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
resource_assignment_update_dict = resource_assignment_update_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ResourceAssignmentUpdate from a dict
resource_assignment_update_from_dict = ResourceAssignmentUpdate.from_dict(resource_assignment_update_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


