# ResourceRate

ResourceRate Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this resource rate was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this resource rate. | [optional] 
**effective_date** | **datetime** | The effective date for the resource price and maximum units per time. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this resource rate was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this resource rate. | [optional] 
**max_units_per_time** | **float** | The maximum work units per time this resource can perform on all their assigned activities. For example, a person working full time could perform 8 hours of work per day. A department of five people may perform at 5 days per day. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**price_per_unit** | **float** | The non-overtime price per time for the resource. This price is used to compute costs for any activities the resource is assigned to. In general, cost &#x3D; units * price per time. | [optional] 
**price_per_unit2** | **float** | The non-overtime price per time for the resource. This price is used to compute costs for any activities the resource is assigned to. In general, cost &#x3D; units * price per time. | [optional] 
**price_per_unit3** | **float** | The non-overtime price per time for the resource. This price is used to compute costs for any activities the resource is assigned to. In general, cost &#x3D; units * price per time. | [optional] 
**price_per_unit4** | **float** | The non-overtime price per time for the resource. This price is used to compute costs for any activities the resource is assigned to. In general, cost &#x3D; units * price per time. | [optional] 
**price_per_unit5** | **float** | The non-overtime price per time for the resource. This price is used to compute costs for any activities the resource is assigned to. In general, cost &#x3D; units * price per time. | [optional] 
**resource_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the resource. | [optional] 
**resource_name** | **str** | The name of the resource. | [optional] 
**resource_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated resource. | [optional] 
**shift_period_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated shift. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.resource_rate import ResourceRate

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ResourceRate from a JSON string
resource_rate_instance = ResourceRate.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ResourceRate.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
resource_rate_dict = resource_rate_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ResourceRate from a dict
resource_rate_from_dict = ResourceRate.from_dict(resource_rate_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


