# RiskThresholdLevel

RiskThresholdLevel Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**code** | **str** | The 10 character code for the threshold level. Must be unique. | 
**color** | **str** | The Hex representation for the color e.g. 0xFFFFFF. | [optional] 
**cost_range** | **float** | The cost range of the threshold level. | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this threshold level was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created the threshold level. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this threshold level was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated the threshold level. | [optional] 
**level** | **int** | The valid values are between 0 and 9. Defines a level for the Risk Threshold. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The 40 character name for the threshold level. Does not need to be unique. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**probability_range** | **float** | The probability range of the threshold level. | [optional] 
**range** | **str** | The user defined range. | [optional] 
**risk_threshold_name** | **str** | The name of the associated risk score type. | [optional] 
**risk_threshold_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated Risk Threshold. | 
**schedule_range** | **float** | The schedule range of the threshold level. | [optional] 
**threshold_type** | **str** | The type of Risk Threshold. Valid types are &#39;Probability&#39;, &#39;Tolerance&#39;, &#39;Schedule&#39;, &#39;Cost&#39;, &#39;Relative Schedule&#39;, &#39;Relative Cost&#39; and &#39;User Defined&#39;. | [optional] 
**tolerance_range** | **int** | The tolerance range of the threshold level. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.risk_threshold_level import RiskThresholdLevel

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of RiskThresholdLevel from a JSON string
risk_threshold_level_instance = RiskThresholdLevel.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(RiskThresholdLevel.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
risk_threshold_level_dict = risk_threshold_level_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of RiskThresholdLevel from a dict
risk_threshold_level_from_dict = RiskThresholdLevel.from_dict(risk_threshold_level_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


