# RiskResponsePlan

RiskResponsePlan Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**actual_cost** | **float** | The actual cost. | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this risk response plan was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created the risk response plan. | [optional] 
**finish_date** | **datetime** | The finish date of the risk response action. If an activity is assigned, the risk response action uses the activity finish date. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | The ID of the risk response plan. This must be unique within the assigned risk. | 
**is_active** | **bool** | The indication of whether the response plan is currently active for the associated risk. Only one response plan can be active at a given time for a risk. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline. | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this risk response plan was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated the risk response plan. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the risk response plan. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**planned_cost** | **float** | The planned cost. | [optional] 
**planned_finish_date** | **datetime** | The planned finish date. | [optional] 
**planned_start_date** | **datetime** | The planned start date. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The short name of the associated project. | [optional] 
**project_name** | **str** | The name of the associated project. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | [optional] 
**remaining_cost** | **float** | The remaining cost associated with the risk response action. | [optional] 
**response_type** | **str** | The risk response plan type. If the risk is a threat, the valid types are &#39;Avoid&#39;, &#39;Transfer&#39;, &#39;Reduce&#39;, and &#39;Accept&#39;. If the risk is a opportunity, the valid types are &#39;Exploit&#39;, &#39;Facilitate&#39;, &#39;Enhance&#39;, and &#39;Reject&#39;. | [optional] 
**risk_id** | **str** | The ID of the risk. | [optional] 
**risk_name** | **str** | The name of the risk. | [optional] 
**risk_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated risk. | 
**score** | **int** | The risk score from the numeric PID after all response actions of the response plan have been completed. The post response plan score is set from the response action with the latest finish date and the lowest score when more than one response action has the same date. | [optional] 
**score_color** | **str** | The color of the tolerance threshold for the score value. | [optional] 
**score_text** | **str** | The risk score from the alphanumeric PID after all response actions of the response plan have been completed. The post response plan score is set from the response action with the latest finish date and the lowest score when more than one response action has the same date. | [optional] 
**start_date** | **datetime** | The start date of the risk response action. If an activity is assigned, the risk response action uses the activity start date. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.risk_response_plan import RiskResponsePlan

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of RiskResponsePlan from a JSON string
risk_response_plan_instance = RiskResponsePlan.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(RiskResponsePlan.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
risk_response_plan_dict = risk_response_plan_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of RiskResponsePlan from a dict
risk_response_plan_from_dict = RiskResponsePlan.from_dict(risk_response_plan_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


