# RiskMatrixScore

RiskMatrixScore Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this risk matrix score was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created the risk matrix score. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this risk matrix score was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated the risk matrix score. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**probability_threshold_level** | **int** | The level number of the probability threshold. Valid numbers are 1-9. | 
**risk_matrix_name** | **str** | The name of the Risk Matrix. | [optional] 
**risk_matrix_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated Risk Matrix. | 
**severity1** | **int** | The first severity level of the Risk Matrix Score. | [optional] 
**severity1_label** | **str** | The label for the first severity level. | [optional] 
**severity2** | **int** | The second severity level of the Risk Matrix Score. | [optional] 
**severity2_label** | **str** | The label for the second severity level. | [optional] 
**severity3** | **int** | The third severity level of the Risk Matrix Score. | [optional] 
**severity3_label** | **str** | The label for the third severity level. | [optional] 
**severity4** | **int** | The fourth severity level of the Risk Matrix Score. | [optional] 
**severity4_label** | **str** | The label for the forth severity level. | [optional] 
**severity5** | **int** | The fifth severity level of the Risk Matrix Score. | [optional] 
**severity5_label** | **str** | The label for the fith severity level. | [optional] 
**severity6** | **int** | The sixth severity level of the Risk Matrix Score. | [optional] 
**severity6_label** | **str** | The sixth for the first severity level. | [optional] 
**severity7** | **int** | The seventh severity level of the Risk Matrix Score. | [optional] 
**severity7_label** | **str** | The label for the seventh severity level. | [optional] 
**severity8** | **int** | The eighth severity level of the Risk Matrix Score. | [optional] 
**severity8_label** | **str** | The label for the eighth severity level. | [optional] 
**severity9** | **int** | The ninth severity level of the Risk Matrix Score. | [optional] 
**severity9_label** | **str** | The label for the ninth severity level. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.risk_matrix_score import RiskMatrixScore

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of RiskMatrixScore from a JSON string
risk_matrix_score_instance = RiskMatrixScore.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(RiskMatrixScore.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
risk_matrix_score_dict = risk_matrix_score_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of RiskMatrixScore from a dict
risk_matrix_score_from_dict = RiskMatrixScore.from_dict(risk_matrix_score_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


