# RoleRate

RoleRate Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this role rate was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this role rate. | [optional] 
**effective_date** | **datetime** |  | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this role rate was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this role rate. | [optional] 
**max_units_per_time** | **float** |  | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**price_per_unit** | **float** | The non-overtime price per time for the role. This price is used to compute costs for any activities the role is assigned to. In general, cost &#x3D; units * price per time. | [optional] 
**price_per_unit2** | **float** | The non-overtime price per time for the role. This price is used to compute costs for any activities the role is assigned to. In general, cost &#x3D; units * price per time. | [optional] 
**price_per_unit3** | **float** | The non-overtime price per time for the role. This price is used to compute costs for any activities the role is assigned to. In general, cost &#x3D; units * price per time. | [optional] 
**price_per_unit4** | **float** | The non-overtime price per time for the role. This price is used to compute costs for any activities the role is assigned to. In general, cost &#x3D; units * price per time. | [optional] 
**price_per_unit5** | **float** | The non-overtime price per time for the role. This price is used to compute costs for any activities the role is assigned to. In general, cost &#x3D; units * price per time. | [optional] 
**role_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the role. | [optional] 
**role_name** | **str** | The name of the role. The role name uniquely identifies the role. | [optional] 
**role_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated role. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.role_rate import RoleRate

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of RoleRate from a JSON string
role_rate_instance = RoleRate.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(RoleRate.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
role_rate_dict = role_rate_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of RoleRate from a dict
role_rate_from_dict = RoleRate.from_dict(role_rate_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


