# TimesheetAudit

TimesheetAudit Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**approver_user_name** | **str** | The user name of the approver. | [optional] 
**approver_user_object_id** | **int** | The unique user ID of the approver. | [optional] 
**audit_date** | **datetime** | The date this timesheet audit was created. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**overhead_hours** | **float** | The total overhead hours for the timesheet. | [optional] 
**overhead_overtime_hours** | **float** | The total overhead overtime hours for the timesheet. | [optional] 
**pending_overhead_hours** | **float** | The total pending overhead hours for the timesheet. | [optional] 
**pending_overhead_overtime_hours** | **float** | The total pending overhead overtime hours for the timesheet. | [optional] 
**pending_project_hours** | **float** | The total pending project hours for the timesheet. | [optional] 
**pending_project_overtime_hours** | **float** | The total pending project overtime hours for the timesheet | [optional] 
**project_hours** | **float** | The total project hours for the timesheet. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the project. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | [optional] 
**project_overtime_hours** | **float** | The total project overtime hours for the timesheet. | [optional] 
**resource_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the resource. | [optional] 
**resource_name** | **str** | The name of the resource. | [optional] 
**resource_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated resource. | [optional] 
**timesheet_activity_status** | **str** | The status of the timesheet activity, the value of which will depend on who approved or rejected it. Valid values are &#39;Submitted&#39;, &#39;Approved&#39;, &#39;Resource Manager Approved&#39;, &#39;Project Manager Approved&#39;, and &#39;Rejected&#39;. | [optional] 
**timesheet_approving_as** | **str** | The role of the timesheet approver. Valid values are &#39;Project Manager&#39;, &#39;Resource Manager&#39;, &#39;Project Manager Delegate&#39;, and &#39;Resource Manager Delegate&#39;. | [optional] 
**timesheet_period_end_date** | **datetime** | The timesheet period end date. | [optional] 
**timesheet_period_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the timesheet period. | [optional] 
**timesheet_period_start_date** | **datetime** | The timesheet period start date. | [optional] 
**timesheet_status** | **str** | The status of the timesheet. Valid values are &#39;Submitted&#39;, &#39;Approved&#39;, &#39;Resource Manager Approved&#39;, &#39;Project Manager Approved&#39;, and &#39;Rejected&#39;. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.timesheet_audit import TimesheetAudit

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of TimesheetAudit from a JSON string
timesheet_audit_instance = TimesheetAudit.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(TimesheetAudit.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
timesheet_audit_dict = timesheet_audit_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of TimesheetAudit from a dict
timesheet_audit_from_dict = TimesheetAudit.from_dict(timesheet_audit_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


