# User

User Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**all_resource_access_flag** | **bool** | The flag that determines whether the user has all resource access (TRUE) or restricted resource access (FALSE). Admin Superusers always have all resource access. | [optional] 
**assignment_staffing_preference** | **str** | The value that determines whether the current or the new resource&#39;s Units per Time and Overtime factor is used to calculate costs when assigning the resource to an existing activity assignment. If the AssignmentStaffingPreference is set to &#39;Ask Me&#39;, the default value is then current resource. | [optional] 
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this user was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this user. | [optional] 
**currency_id** | **str** | The unique currency abbreviation for the currency associated with this user. | [optional] 
**currency_name** | **str** | The name of the currency associated with this user. | [optional] 
**currency_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated currency. | [optional] 
**currency_show_decimals** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show decimal places for the currency, and when set to false will not Display decimal places. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**currency_show_symbol** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show Currency Symbol for the currency, and when set to false will not Display Currency Symbol. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**date_format_type** | **str** | The date format type for the user: &#39;Month, Day, Year&#39; , &#39;Day, Month, Year&#39; or &#39;Year, Month, Day&#39;. | [optional] 
**date_separator** | **str** | The date Separator for the user: &#39;/&#39; , &#39;-&#39; or &#39;.&#39; | [optional] 
**date_show_four_digit_year** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show four digit year for the Date format specified, and when set to false will not show four digit year. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**date_show_minutes** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show minutes value for the Time format specified, and when set to false will not show minutes value. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**date_time_format_type** | **str** | The date format type for the user: &#39;12 hour (1:30 PM)&#39; , &#39;24 hour (13:30)&#39; or &#39;Do not show time&#39;. | [optional] 
**date_use_leading_zero** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show leading zero for the Date format specified, and when set to false will not show leading zero. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**date_use_month_name** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show month value for the Date format specified, and when set to false will not show month value. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**duration_decimal_count** | **str** | The Duration Decimal count for the user is the number of decimal places to be displayed for the Duration. : &#39;0&#39;,&#39;1&#39; or &#39;2&#39;. | [optional] 
**duration_unit_type** | **str** | The Duration Unit Type for the user is the Display Time units In: &#39;Hour&#39;,&#39;Day&#39;,&#39;Week&#39;,&#39;Month&#39; or &#39;Year&#39;. | [optional] 
**duration_use_fraction** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show units for the Duration, and when set to false will not show units. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**email_address** | **str** | The current user&#39;s return email address. This will be used in the \&quot;FROM\&quot; line for any email sent by this user. Example: \&quot;yourname@yourdomain.com\&quot;. For MAPI users, this may just be the MAPI profile name or mailbox name. | [optional] 
**email_protocol** | **str** | The email type for the user: &#39;Internet Mail&#39; or &#39;MAPI Mail&#39;. | [optional] 
**enable_user_to_modify_view_settings_flag** | **bool** | The flag that when set to true allows the user to change his or her personal view settings in P6. When a user changes the user interface view settings, the changes do not affect the settings of other users assigned to the same view. | [optional] 
**financial_period_end_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system of the last financial period viewable in columns in Project Management. | [optional] 
**financial_period_start_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system of the first financial period viewable in columns in Project Management. | [optional] 
**guid** | **str** | The globally unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**global_profile_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the global security profile assigned to the user. See the GlobalProfile class for constants defining the fixed profiles of Admin Superuser and No Global Privileges. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this user was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this user. | [optional] 
**mail_server_login_name** | **str** | The mail login name (profile name) for the current user to send outgoing email. If the email protocol is MAPI, this field should contain the MAPI profile name | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The user&#39;s login name. | [optional] 
**new_project_duration_type** | **str** | the default duration type assigned to new activities. Valid values are &#39;Fixed Units/Time&#39;, &#39;Fixed Duration and Units/Time&#39;, &#39;Fixed Units&#39;, or &#39;Fixed Duration and Units&#39;. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**office_phone** | **str** | The work phone number of the user. | [optional] 
**outgoing_mail_server** | **str** | The outgoing mail server (SMTP) address used to send outgoing email for this user. The address may be a host name or an IP address. This field is used only with the Internet email protocol, and is not required for MAPI. | [optional] 
**personal_name** | **str** | The user&#39;s personal or actual name. | [optional] 
**rate_source_preference** | **str** | The value that determines which price/unit will be used by default to calculate costs for the assignment when both a resource and role are assigned. | [optional] 
**reporting_flag** | **bool** | The flag that determines whether the user can access ODS database as a database user. | [optional] 
**resource_requests** | [**ResourceRequests**](ResourceRequests.md) |  | [optional] 
**respect_activity_duration_type** | **bool** | the setting that indicates whether to recalculate the Duration, Units, or Units/Time for existing assignments based on the activity Duration Type (true) or to preserve the Duration, Units, or Units/Time for existing assignments (false) when adding or removing assignments on activities. | [optional] 
**role_limit_display_option** | **str** | The option for how RoleLimit is displayed. Valid values are &#39;Custom&#39;, and &#39;PrimaryRole&#39;. | [optional] 
**show_duration_time_unit** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show units for the Duration, and when set to false will not show units. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**show_time_unit** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show units for the Time, and when set to false will not show units. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**small_scale_decimal_count** | **str** | The Small Scale Decimal count for the user is the number of decimal places to be displayed for the Time. : &#39;0&#39;,&#39;1&#39; or &#39;2&#39;. | [optional] 
**small_scale_unit_type** | **str** | The Small Scale Unit Type for the user is the Display Time units In: &#39;Hour&#39;,&#39;Day&#39;,&#39;Week&#39;,&#39;Month&#39; or &#39;Year&#39;. | [optional] 
**small_scale_use_fraction** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show sub units for the Time units format specified, and when set to false will not show sub units. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**team_member_activity_filters** | **str** | The Statuser activity filters for the Team Member application. | [optional] 
**team_member_activity_sort_field** | **str** | Select whether column name entries are sorted in ascending or descending order. | [optional] 
**team_member_activity_sort_order** | **str** | From the Sort Order list, you can select to list projects in the scorecard in either ascending | [optional] 
**team_member_application_theme** | **str** | The user interface theme setting for P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**team_member_date_format** | **str** | The date format setting for the P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**team_member_display_time_flag** | **bool** | The display hours setting for P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**team_member_display_time_format** | **str** | The display hours format setting for P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**team_member_locale** | **str** | The user-specific locale set for P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**team_member_project_filter** | **str** | The project filter for P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**team_member_resource_filter** | **str** | The user-specific resource filter for P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**team_member_display_qr_quick_access** | **str** | The flag that is used to to determine if a user has seen the QR quick access link in P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**team_member_task_status_filter** | **str** | The task status filter for P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**team_member_timeframe_filter** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**team_member_wbs_filter** | **str** | The time frame filter for P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**team_member_work_unit_type** | **str** | The user-specific wbs filter for P6 Team Member Web. | [optional] 
**units_per_time_show_as_percentage** | **bool** | The flag which when set to true will show Units/Time as Percentage, and when set to false will display as Units/Duration. Possible values : &#39;True&#39; or &#39;False&#39; | [optional] 
**user_interface_view_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated user interface view. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.user import User

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of User from a JSON string
user_instance = User.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(User.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
user_dict = user_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of User from a dict
user_from_dict = User.from_dict(user_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


