# WBSMilestone

WBSMilestone Entity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**create_date** | **datetime** | The date this WBS milestone was created. | [optional] 
**create_user** | **str** | The name of the user that created this WBS milestone. | [optional] 
**is_baseline** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a Project or Baseline | [optional] 
**is_completed** | **bool** | The flag that indicates whether the step has been completed. | [optional] 
**is_template** | **bool** | The boolean value indicating if this business object is related to a template Project. | [optional] 
**last_update_date** | **datetime** | The date this WBS milestone was last updated. | [optional] 
**last_update_user** | **str** | The name of the user that last updated this WBS milestone. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the WBS milestone. | 
**project_id** | **str** | The short code that uniquely identifies the project. | [optional] 
**object_id** | **int** | The unique ID generated by the system. | [optional] 
**project_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the associated project. | 
**sequence_number** | **int** | The sequence number for sorting. | [optional] 
**wbs_code** | **str** | The short code assigned to each WBS element for identification. Each WBS element is uniquely identified by concatenating its own code together with its parents&#39; codes. | [optional] 
**wbs_name** | **str** | The name of the WBS element. | [optional] 
**wbs_object_id** | **int** | The unique ID of the WBS where the WBS milestone is assigned. | 
**weight** | **float** | The weight that is assigned to the milestone. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.wbs_milestone import WBSMilestone

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of WBSMilestone from a JSON string
wbs_milestone_instance = WBSMilestone.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(WBSMilestone.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
wbs_milestone_dict = wbs_milestone_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of WBSMilestone from a dict
wbs_milestone_from_dict = WBSMilestone.from_dict(wbs_milestone_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


